# Software_Development_Lifecycle

Software development lifecycle is important for planning out projects for clients, or just planning projects in general. The software development software is just a way to formatt planning and executing programs. If we want to develop a program, we begin with a brain storming, followed by analyzing requirements, then planning, followed by developing the code and finnally execution and maintenace. The biggest take away would be to ensure all requirements are gathered, so that the client is satisfied or else no matter what the project is a failure. One of the first steps in the software development cycle is to take requirements from the client. Taking requirements from clients is essential in ensuring that their needs will be satisfied and the project can be deemed a success. We can take these requirements and create user stories for the development team to work on. Creating good user stories helps the project move faster since a good user story can capture specific functions of a project and ensure that the functionality should work as intented. Also, a good user story can relay all this information to the development team, where they can interpret with no issue.
This is why communication is an important trait to have when working with a team. No matter what role one plays, if the communication is not there, features can become messy and the overall project will not work. Being a great team member relies on ensure your end of the communication is always clear.
